---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <p>Assistant Professor.</p>
          <p><a href='https://schulich.ucalgary.ca/electrical-software'>Electrical and Software Engineering</a>, <a href='https://ucalgary.ca/'>University of Calgary</a></p>

profile:
  align: right
  image: Arne_Dankers_cropped_body.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>ICT 413</p>
    <p>Department of Electrical and Software Engineering</p>
    <p>Calgary, Canada</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I was awarded an M.Sc. at the University of Calgary in Electrical and Computer Engineering and a Ph.D. from the Delft Center for Systems and Control (DCSC) at the Delft University of Technology in The Netherlands. 

My research is in system identification (aka data driven modelling). The main point of system identification is to estimate a model of a system (i.e. learn the governing differential equations of a system) given data generated by the system. I am developing a framework to make it possible to estimate the dynamics of a component of a complex system the consists of several of interconnected, nonlinear components. Some examples include power grids and robotic systems. This framework can then be used to monitor the components of a system for changes or faults (preventative maintenance, or fault detection), or to (re)design/adapt controllers to ensure optimality. For example, the objective may be to monitor the health of a battery connected to the grid, or monitor a gearbox in a robotic arm to detect when the gearbox is wearing out so that it can be replaced before it fails. 

I combine tools from control engineering, system identification, statistics, machine learning, mathematical modelling, and graph theory to develop this framework. 
